JEFF(7)                 Miscellaneous Information Manual                 JEFF(7)

NAME
     jeff – software engineer (he/him)

DESCRIPTION
     jeff is a software engineer with experience building distributed systems,
     automating fleets of linux servers, writing APIs, creating web frontends,
     wrangling cloud technology, and mentoring and managing other engineers.

     He has utilized AWS, GCP, and on-prem servers in production, including
     using kubernetes and docker. He tempers his bias for action with
     consideration for operational excellence via monitoring, alerting, and
     observability.

     He is most proficient with python, go, and bash, and he dabbles in rust,
     javascript, typescript, c#, and haskell.

INTERESTS
     jeff is a life-long learner who enjoys growing with others. He hopes to
     work with smart, friendly people who share knowledge together while solving
     interesting and important problems.

HISTORY
     2021-2022  Recurse Center
                  Recurser
                     Studied rust, haskell, shaders, and more. See EXAMPLES
                     section.

     2019-2021  Cruise
                  Engineering Manager, PaaS
                     Managed the team responsible for providing internal
                     kubernetes services and devops tooling

                  Senior Software Engineer, PaaS
                     Operated kubernetes clusters and automated deployment
                     workflows for clusters and their users

     2017-2019  Lightsale, Inc.
                  Co-founder
                     Built VR app, ecommerce frontend and backend APIs, CI/CD,
                     monitoring, and alerting on GKE, along with half of
                     everything else that needed to happen.

     2014-2017  Quantcast
                  Systems Engineer
                     Iterated on eng-wide monitoring, alerting, dns, ci/cd, and
                     engineering best practices.

                  Production Engineer
                     Ran bare-metal and hybrid batch processing clusters.

     2012-2014  Coupa Software
                  Cloud Operations Engineer
                     Operated hundreds of Ruby on Rails apps across dev,
                     sandbox, and production servers.

                  Customer Care Engineer
                     Fielded support requests. Wrote scripts for operations
                     engineers to review and run. Found and reported defects.

     2007-2011  University of California, Santa Cruz
                  Bachelors of Science, Economics



EXAMPLES
     { TODO }

SEE ALSO
     github.com/jeffawang
     linkedin.com/in/jeffawang

AUTHORS
     Jeff Wang

                                February 8, 2022
